Adding sentence for fixed 3 GB packages (#588)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/get-started/storage-qfc.en.md

## Adding QFieldCloud storage

> QFieldCloud allows you to configure as much storage as you need for your project. Storage is provided on 3GB packages, each costing 5€.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In QFieldCloud you can configure as much storage as desired for your projects. 
Additional storage can be obtained in the sets of 3 GB, each costing 5€.

```
